[Angular] Upgrade to v17 (#1837)
Sitecore/jss: CHANGELOG.md

* `[sitecore-jss]` Introduced _/editing_ submodule that contains all editing related functionality. Editing utils are now available in _/editing_ submodule. Editing utils exported from _/utils_ marked as deprecated. ([#1806](https://github.com/Sitecore/jss/pull/1806))
* `[sitecore-jss-nextjs]` EditingRenderMiddleware `resolvePageUrl` function now accepts an object `(args: { serverUrl?: string; itemPath: string }) => string` instead of multiple parameters `(serverUrl: string, itemPath: string) => string`. `serverUrl` is now optional and omitted when Metadata Edit Mode is used.
* `[templates/nextjs]` `[sitecore-jss-nextjs]` `[sitecore-jss]` Remove Partial rendering implementation as it will not be used by Pages in its current implementation - includes removing of EditingComponentPlaceholder component, few constants associated with it and RenderingType enum ([#1821](https://github.com/Sitecore/jss/pull/1821))
* `[sitecore-jss-angular]``[sitecore-jss-schematics]``[templates/angular]` Upgrade Angular to v17 ([#1837](https://github.com/Sitecore/jss/pull/1837))

>   * Update Angular and core dependencies to ~17.3.11

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Updated Angular and core dependencies to ~17.3.11
```

  * Updated Typescript to ~5.2.2

>   * Update zone.js/dist/zone-node to zone.js

Reviewer: Here it means that you replaced import statements? Can you please update the description a bit?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Updated import statements from zone.js/dist/zone-node to zone.js
```
